hello at this point in my youtube career
I just don't know what to say I gotta
thank y'all for sticking around but if
you are still here it's probably from my
top 5 or top 10 3ds eshop games I
originally made the top 5 first and then
I made the top 10 because I wasn't
satisfied with the quality but looking
back they're both just utter crap so
today I'm gonna go ahead and bring you
the top 10 yupp games the ones that I
have that I that I really liked I would
recommend to you ah seriously how did
this get 40,000 views Oh
I mean hey thanks for loving my stuff
but man are those horrible to go back
and watch for me no there's a lot of
games on the eShop there's some real
gems and then there's some real stinkers
and now we're not here today just to
clear my conscience of that horrible
video but also because there's been a
lot of new games added since I made
those I'm loving it into no switch and
it's pretty clear that the 3ds is
probably on its last legs here so hey
let's give it a nice little send-off
with its best download-only games the
only rules here are at this time I won't
be including any Virtual Console or 3d
classics games because I mean Nintendo
just hands those out like it's candy at
this point and also emulation sites yeah
excuse me
also if a game had a physical release
it's out because I mean that would just
go against the title the video now
wouldn't it anyways without further ado
let's go for it many of you on this
channel are well aware of how much I
love Jet Set Radio I mean I made a whole
video on the two main games in the
series and whole time I just kept
praising it well the main reason I love
it is because of the satisfying movement
hopping between rails and doing tricks
just feels so fluid and fun Olly Olly
here is similar instead of rollerblades
you use a skateboard and it goes to a
more simplistic approach instead of
running around an open world spraying to
Freedy you automatically move to the
right and the goal is to get to the end
without crashing you build up speed by
grinding rails doing tricks stuff like
that now this game gets going really
fast and you're gonna need that speed to
make it across pits and over flights of
stairs so there's no taking this game
slow the trick system is really
confusing though I get why that is it's
supposed to be satisfying to pull off
complex tricks the same way a fighting
game is satisfying to do that Zemo
shoryuken a quarter-circle Hadouken I
kind of would have preferred them not to
do that though since in this game you
can pretty much do the same trick over
and over and then it just gets
repetitive I don't know either way it
has some really great feeling of
movement and tons of levels but the kind
of weird controls are gonna keep it at
number 10
oh boy how do I explain this game
honestly it's really weird and unique
you know I I think I put it better in my
old video let's take a look at that
following the trend of most $2 each up
games it must be really simple right
well actually it's not ok yeah and never
mind I'm gonna have to do this myself I
cannot watch that crap any longer
basically age is kind of a platformer
where you control a cube that rolls
around on its edges yes I know roll
credits edges edge to the title haha
yeah the word edge is gonna be mentioned
a lot more here so don't go pulling that
joke just yet you can also do an edge
move where you cling to the edge of
another block and if you can hang there
balancing yourself something will happen
with the stage to progress you further
into the level I I know that sounds
weird but yeah that's just because it's
weird it's edge for you your little
character is pretty lacking in abilities
so most of the fun of this game comes
from the level design itself
there's switches moving platforms
falling platforms shrink panels and all
kinds of cleverly built stuff that's
designed to trick you once you beat all
the levels you can go back and beat your
old times and collect all of the hidden
secrets to get higher grades it's kind
of weird to explain if you haven't
played it yourself but I promise you
this game is extremely clever and well
made despite its simplistic looks
there's also a ton of levels so you
won't be bored for quite a long time but
then if I love it so much why is it it
all the way back at number 9 well I'll
put simply there are better versions of
the game you can get for one thing the
3d effect simply doesn't work the
pictures on the 3d has Stone aligned
themselves correctly so it just looks
like a blur that makes your eyes want to
crawl out of their sockets even without
3d on the framerate can drop pretty
badly and I've become a bit of a snob
about that lately I'd recommend the
steam version more because I think it
even has some additional content but
since not everyone's a PC gamer I feel
like edge at least deserves a mention on
this list alright I'm done saying edge
so now you can go ahead and make that
joke about roll credits you know where
the title comes into play
all right I feel like I'm gonna take
this joke out when I actually make the
video so just go ahead and play the next
entry I guess I don't even know in my
previous a shop lists one of the most
recommended games in the comment section
was the Shantae series shantae shantae
dad I don't know honestly I had played
the Game Boy Color Shantae and it was
pretty cool but I really started to like
the series with pirate's curse risky's
revenge is pretty good too but I just
felt like pirates curse upgraded
everything everything is better more
interesting or more streamlined in this
game and I love it for that those that
don't know it's basically a Metroidvania
game spread out amongst several worlds
where you go somewhere new see a bunch
of puzzles you can't solve end up
finding an item which then lets you go
back and solve those puzzles unlocking
even more areas I really love these
kinds of games and Shantae and her cast
of colorful characters helped carry the
story along too honestly it's a bit
pricey but you can't go wrong here if
you like Metroidvania games or
platformers in general it's an
all-around good experience now that
being said it was kind of one of those
games that once I beat it I was kind of
done there's a speedrun mode but other
than that there's not a whole lot left
but to just replay this exact same game
all over again your are games where I
have no problem with that I've replayed
beautiful joke countless times even
though it doesn't really change between
playthroughs I guess Shantae just didn't
have quite the same spark asan my other
favorites either way I still consider
myself a fan as it was definitely a fun
ride from the beginning to end
I have talked about Kirby on this
channel before a lot but in case they're
just stopping by I freaking love the
little pink ball another one of my
cringe-worthy old videos I talked about
why he was manly but you know I think
I've come to terms with something else
it's not necessarily manly he's just
really really Japanese I mean think
about it the QTA aesthetic is really
popular over there and Kirby's just
another smiling face to add to land of
the rising Suns roster of cute
characters and honestly I have no
problem with that
insult my masculinity all you want the
Kirby is just so damn cute but I digress
his games are also really fun and I
honestly can't think of a single Kirby
game that I actually disliked Kirby's
blowout blast is on here because well I
liked it it's not as big or expansive as
any other Kirby game but it defines a
gameplay aspect scoring high points and
combos in a 3d space and runs with it it
mixes things up too and has several
bosses and secret levels not to mention
you get to stare at Kirby's adorable
pink face all the while what's not to
love
I love the NES widow trust me if I did
allow Virtual Console games this list
would be dominated by NES games but
gotta protectors is not an NES game so
I'm allowed to put it instead of gotta
protectors tries to emulate the look and
feel of many 8-bit Nintendo games going
so far as to even include some heavily
compressed voice clips I don't know why
but when voice clips sound like that I
just get feeling all warm and fuzzy
inside as for the gameplay it's kind of
like Dynasty Warriors now I actually
really don't like dynasty warriors but
this game manages to do it right you
choose one of several different varied
characters and take on huge armies of
enemies all at once in the meantime you
must build defenses to protect the
princess spin gold on the abilities and
leveling up and even solve minor puzzles
the combat can be repetitive sure but
the inclusion of all the characters as
well as the equipment you can give them
lets you keep things fresh by switching
between different builds for every level
in god of protectors there's just so
much to do so much to see so what's
wrong with taking the back streets sorry
sorry sorry I I it was obligatory you
know I had to
[Music]
I remember when this one hit the shop I
was intrigued on the one hand it looks
like another generic shovelware title
that would just disappear within a week
but at the same time it looked like it
had the potential to be a real gem well
luckily it's option number two a gym
yeah that's what I was talking about it
it's a gym it's good it's good
otherwise it wouldn't be on here you
take control of one of two generic anime
characters and fly through the sky at an
incredible high speed you use either the
circle pad or d-pad or even the face
buttons if you so choose to move your
character between essentially nine tiles
three on top three in the middle and
three on bottom kind of like a
tic-tac-toe board as you fly you collect
coins and gems smash enemies and well
yeah that's pretty much it
but just like edge they mix up the
levels quite a bit the later ones get to
be brutally challenging being a struggle
just to survive let alone get a high
score you gradually get better at the
game as you play memorizing coin
locations and being able to react to
waves of enemies without getting hit at
the end of the level there's one of the
most strict scoring systems I've ever
seen an s-rank is as high as you can go
and you need to play absolutely
flawlessly to earn one misses single
coin get hit once start over if you're
going for that s-rank because at that
point it's as good as gone and I love it
for that there aren't too many levels
but that scoring system and brutal
difficulty makes for some really
satisfying replayability I enjoyed this
game way more than I thought I would
it's not for everyone though I
personally love simple arcade style
games so this one was right up my alley
if you don't like games like that though
there's not much for you here but
because it's my list here it is
I remember trying the demo for this game
and not really thinking too highly of it
it was boring
all the enemies and bosses are the same
yeah but somehow I ended up with it and
I'm honestly glad I did instead of
mowing down enemies and dodging bullets
like in many other shoot-'em-up games
like chaos field which you should go
watch that video
the focus is instead put onto the
scoring system in fact enemies barely
pose a threat at all you have three
units of health and they regenerate
pretty quickly over time instead the
challenge lies in making chains see you
don't just have a normal shot but also a
bomb sort of thing that explodes causing
the enemies that touch it to explode
causing other enemies that touch them to
explode you can see where this is
heading chaining together strings of
enemies to maximize your scores pretty
much all you do in this game but it is
so satisfying
whenever you beat the final boss which
doesn't actually take too long the game
loops back around and starts over only
more difficult than it was the first
time it's one of those games that's just
so addicting the more you play it the
more you want to keep going there's also
an unlockable
extra ship that plays differently from
the default one so you can't mix it up
if it starts to get a little bland
also it has a very very energetic
driving techno soundtrack that evolves
as you progress through each stage
coming to a climax on the last level and
man does it get my blood pumping it is
so insane I just love it
[Music]
I've praised this game so much before
and well yeah it kind of deserves it
Cave Story is another Metroidvania game
but unlike the Shantae game I mentioned
before this one has so much more there's
multiple endings secret unlockable
weapons way more satisfying combat as
well as a story that's actually pretty
sad I've played it through countless
amounts of times it just does not get
old at this point there's just no reason
not to play it while many including
myself consider this 3ds version the
definitive version it's been re-released
pretty much everywhere even to the
Nintendo's switch more recently the
original PC version is available for
free as well though it won't have as
much content as this one will and it can
be a bit of a pain to set up nonetheless
you owe it to yourself to play this game
whether it's on 3ds switch PC or your
toaster it's an all-around good time and
there's something here for any gamer to
enjoy
[Music]
all right now this one I got as a
download but I think it actually did get
a physical release as well though I did
read that Europe could only get this as
a download
I mean I'm American but this one goes
out to my European viewers I guess just
let me fudge the rule a bit this one
time code of princess is a
side-scrolling beat-em-up with RPG
elements and a fighting game control
scheme it has four characters each with
their own unique move sets and his
stories as well as a few challenge
missions with even more characters to
choose from
you play as princess Solange trying to
save her kingdom or something but
honestly this story takes a backseat to
the combat and also just for your
information no I do not just like this
game because of the well you know the
character design as I said it controls
like a fighting game so if you hate
Street Fighters quarter circles and
combos you'll probably hate this game
all the same I however love those kinds
of controls and as a result loved this
game seriously I it's it's the gameplay
alright it I agree that character design
is not the most tasteful but good games
a good game I don't make the rules as
for the characters each one is unique
with different move sets and different
gear to equip them with as well as a
level up system that lets you choose
what stats to enhance the enemies are
pretty basic but when you combine the
varied attacks with the combos lock-on
in berserk mode there's just so much
here to enjoy I mostly play my Nintendo
switch nowadays but cone princess is one
game that keeps me coming back to the
3ds and I think that says a lot
[Music]
oh wait what this stupid little game
yeah honestly I'm just as surprised as
you are this game is so dumb and for the
amount of content it has its launch
price of $5 was a ripoff or so I thought
see I got it on sale for $1 and honestly
my life has not been the same since I
stopped smoking I have an awesome high
paying job and I'm married to the love
of my life how did one little game cause
all that you might ask well I've got to
be honest if it wasn't clear by my
previous entries on the list I'm a
sucker for arcade style games so why I
love the classic Sega games because all
the way from the Genesis to the
Dreamcast they just kept churning out
all these super original arcade like
games they weren't very long but they
made up for that with massive amounts of
replayability and general fun factor to
me that's what whoa Dave is the gameplay
itself is kind of like the original
Mario Bros you know Super Mario Bros but
without the Super you stick to a single
screen enemies come down from the top
and you have to clear them out by
throwing stuff at them without dying
where things get interesting is the fact
that everything is trying to kill you
everything these eggs you can throw
that's where the enemy is hatched out of
these skulls that plow through enemies
like a truck
yeah they explode a few seconds out of
their spawning and that's not even
mentioning all the different types of
enemies you've got normal enemy is fast
enemies smart enemies UFOs flying
eyeballs all kinds of crazy stuff it's
pretty much just one of those games
where it starts off simple teaches you
the mechanics then goes absolutely
insane with its new enemy types
difficulty levels dynamic stages and a
very competitive high score list at
least for me this is one of those games
that's just perfect in the download
format it's not some gigantic file
that'll clog up your memory card and
it's not some huge overcomplicated game
that takes time to get into it's a
simple quick play kind of game that's
good for blowing off a few extra minutes
and it's also really good for sitting
down and sucking out your soul for hours
on end a particular memory I have of
this game was during a road trip it was
a bit of a long haul and I didn't have a
car charger so something like smash 4 3
DS was out of the question
I needed to conserve the press
commodity of battery power so
low-resource games were a necessity
chain blaster which got the number four
slot was one of those but low Dave is
the one that sucked up most of my time
on that trip it's just one of those
games that's perfect in the format it
was released and I applaud the
developers are creating such an
incredibly simplistic yet complex little
gem oh and I kinda lied um no I've never
smoked um still in school and yeah I'm
single I don't know why I'm saying that
here though cuz well YouTube analytics
says it's a bit of a sausage party up in
here and unfortunately I don't roll that
way I can I can't express how utterly
confused I am about how much you guys
like that hot mess of a video that's not
to say any of my other videos or of any
significant quality it's just that I
think those are the worst but either way
it isn't a video that we're talking
about here we're talking about the games
there's a lot of good games on the eShop
and there were a lot I had to sadly
leave off when it came to downloads the
3ds had a really strong library and
right now the switch is looking to have
a pretty good lineup too in fact why
don't you send the comment with what
your favorite 3d ice or switches shop
game is alright well until I hear from
you in the comment section below
I must bid you adieu so have a good life
or something
[Music]